Tweak wording for the "Manual download" info on the download page (#278)
pulsar-edit/pulsar-edit.github.io: docs/download.md

## Manual download

Binaries are built from a number of different branches and PRs but you should

> stick to the **`master`** branch releases for the most stable ones unless you know

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stick to the `master` branch releases for the most stable ones unless you know
```
I'd probably remove the **strong** from this as I think converting it to inline code is enough to differentiate it.

exactly what you are looking for.

We currently build on both GitHub Actions and Cirrus CI:

- GitHub Actions is used for building the majority of our binaries and builds
  are run on every commit or PR.
  - Direct artifact download is available only for those who are logged in
    with their GitHub accounts. All artifacts from the `master` branch
    are therefore automatically uploaded to the [pulsar-edit/pulsar-rolling-releases](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar-rolling-releases/releases)
    repository for access by anyone.
- Cirrus CI is _only_ used for building Apple silicon (macOS M1/M2) and ARM
  Linux binaries. These are run less frequently (every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday).

To download a binary produced by GitHub Actions, follow the below steps:

- Navigate to the [pulsar-edit/pulsar-rolling-releases](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar-rolling-releases/releases)
  releases.
- Select the most recent release (or for a specific release reference the timestamp
  part of the version e.g. 1.109.**2023091606**).
  - x86_64 binaries will be grouped together for most releases,
    but occasionally they will be split across multiple releases.

>     Apple silicon and ARM Linux binaries are usually grouped together
>     in their own separate release from the x64 binaries, but sometimes not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Apple silicon and ARM Linux binaries are usually, but not always, grouped together
    in their own separate release.
```
